## Student m57376

| _Author_ | _Reviewer_ | **Total** |
|:--------:|:----------:|:---------:|
|  74% |  93% |  83% |

### Questions

#### The formal game description describes and locates (in the source code) the game state?

| _Author_ | _Reviewer_ |
|:--------:|:----------:|
|  50% | 100% |

#### The concept document has a pitch line?

| _Author_ | _Reviewer_ |
|:--------:|:----------:|
| 100% | 100% |

#### This game theme is Freedom?

| _Author_ | _Reviewer_ |
|:--------:|:----------:|
|  67% | 100% |

#### Is the submission properly organized?

| _Author_ | _Reviewer_ |
|:--------:|:----------:|
| 100% | 100% |

#### The concept document describes the skill/change balance?

| _Author_ | _Reviewer_ |
|:--------:|:----------:|
|  33% |  67% |

#### The formal game description describes and locates (in the source code) the game setup?

| _Author_ | _Reviewer_ |
|:--------:|:----------:|
|  67% | 100% |

#### The formal game description describes and locates (in the source code) the progression of play?

| _Author_ | _Reviewer_ |
|:--------:|:----------:|
|  67% | 100% |

#### Did you found the implementation and documentation of the victory conditions?

| _Author_ | _Reviewer_ |
|:--------:|:----------:|
|  83% | 100% |

#### This game is beta quality (feature complete, no major bugs)?

| _Author_ | _Reviewer_ |
|:--------:|:----------:|
|  83% | 100% |

#### The concept document has a feature-list breakdown?

| _Author_ | _Reviewer_ |
|:--------:|:----------:|
| 100% |  83% |

#### This game dynamic is engaging?

| _Author_ | _Reviewer_ |
|:--------:|:----------:|
|  83% | 100% |

#### The concept document describes the elements of strategic choice, and the reasons to include them?

| _Author_ | _Reviewer_ |
|:--------:|:----------:|
|  17% |  67% |

#### The concept document has a demographic breakdown?

| _Author_ | _Reviewer_ |
|:--------:|:----------:|
| 100% | 100% |

#### The game features an easy mode?

| _Author_ | _Reviewer_ |
|:--------:|:----------:|
|  33% |  67% |

#### The formal game description describes and locates (in the source code) the victory conditions?

| _Author_ | _Reviewer_ |
|:--------:|:----------:|
|  67% | 100% |

#### The concept document has an introductory paragraph?

| _Author_ | _Reviewer_ |
|:--------:|:----------:|
| 100% | 100% |

#### The concept document describes the core, mechanics and dynamics?

| _Author_ | _Reviewer_ |
|:--------:|:----------:|
| 100% | 100% |

#### The game features an against the clock mode?

| _Author_ | _Reviewer_ |
|:--------:|:----------:|
|   0% | 100% |

#### The concept document describes the goals that motivate the player?

| _Author_ | _Reviewer_ |
|:--------:|:----------:|
| 100% |  83% |

#### The concept document has a bullet-list feature-list?

| _Author_ | _Reviewer_ |
|:--------:|:----------:|
| 100% | 100% |

#### Did you found the implementation and documentation of the player actions?

| _Author_ | _Reviewer_ |
|:--------:|:----------:|
| 100% | 100% |

#### The formal game description describes and locates (in the source code) the game views?

| _Author_ | _Reviewer_ |
|:--------:|:----------:|
|  83% | 100% |

#### Are the player&amp;#39;s goals clear?

| _Author_ | _Reviewer_ |
|:--------:|:----------:|
|  83% | 100% |

#### Did you found the implementation and documentation of the progress of play?

| _Author_ | _Reviewer_ |
|:--------:|:----------:|
|  67% | 100% |

#### Did you found the implementation and documentation of the game views?

| _Author_ | _Reviewer_ |
|:--------:|:----------:|
|  83% | 100% |

#### The game features other optional features?

| _Author_ | _Reviewer_ |
|:--------:|:----------:|
|  67% |  83% |

#### The concept document has a formal game description?

| _Author_ | _Reviewer_ |
|:--------:|:----------:|
|  50% |  83% |

#### Are there meaningful choices?

| _Author_ | _Reviewer_ |
|:--------:|:----------:|
|  67% |  83% |

#### Is the game difficulty adequate for the demographic target?

| _Author_ | _Reviewer_ |
|:--------:|:----------:|
| 100% | 100% |

#### The game is fun to play?

| _Author_ | _Reviewer_ |
|:--------:|:----------:|
| 100% | 100% |

#### The mechanics and dynamics keep the player motivated and engaged?

| _Author_ | _Reviewer_ |
|:--------:|:----------:|
|  83% |  83% |

#### Did you found the implementation and documentation of the game state?

| _Author_ | _Reviewer_ |
|:--------:|:----------:|
|  50% | 100% |

#### The formal game description describes and locates (in the source code) the player actions?

| _Author_ | _Reviewer_ |
|:--------:|:----------:|
|  67% | 100% |

#### The game features a hard mode?

| _Author_ | _Reviewer_ |
|:--------:|:----------:|
|   0% |  33% |

#### Did you found the implementation and documentation of the game setup?

| _Author_ | _Reviewer_ |
|:--------:|:----------:|
| 100% | 100% |

#### The assets (characters, animations, etc.) match the theme?

| _Author_ | _Reviewer_ |
|:--------:|:----------:|
| 100% | 100% |

#### Are the game controls easy to use?

| _Author_ | _Reviewer_ |
|:--------:|:----------:|
|  83% | 100% |


### Feedback

#### Design Feedback


So the game requires players to explore the level. The second camera angle needs to be fixed

----


While the controls for player 1 were easy to understand and there were signs explaining them the controls for player 2 were nowhere to be found. Despite the movement was easy to figure out, I had to randomly press buttons to find which made the player 2 jump.

----


The game is fun to play and the goal might appear not clear, but as soon as we start playing we realize what we must do and what is the objective. The competitiveness and the game mechanics and dynamics keep the player motivated and engaged. We have the freedom to choose a path and to try to beat the adversary. The assets match the theme and the difficulty is adequate.

----

#### Formal Feedback


No direct references to the code are made

----


Most of the points explained what happened and how it worked but lacked the location in the source code although most of that was easy to find

----


Since the game state is inconclusive, i could not find an implementation of it. You should have reference that in each moment the game state has the players and enemies positions and the coins acquired by the them. The progress of play was not implemented since you say that the game has no level progression, but it exist a game progression in each loop game that says if a player died or not and if someone has reached the end game. The player&amp;#039;s actions, victory conditions, game setup and game views are presented in the code and  in the formal game description.

----

#### Challenge Feedback


The camera placement is bad and affects the progression of the level

----


I don&amp;#039;t think the game fits well in the theme freedom as the player is not running away or escaping from something, this is more of a race game

----


The game is very fun to play and the competitiveness keeps the players engaged. There are no errors and the theme is within the requirement(freedom).

----

#### Implementation Feedback


Only the game setup and the player actions are explicitly present in the code.

----


Most of the points were easy to find and lined up with the documentation, the only point that wasn&amp;#039;t well explained was the game state although it wasn&amp;#039;t very hard to find the implementation

----


I found the information about these points in the documentation, and since they don&amp;#039;t have any mathematical expression they were also in the code. The progress of play was not implemented since you say that the game has no level progression, but it exist a game progression in each loop game. The game state is not correctly documented, but the information you have in it, is presented in the game.

----

#### Optional Feedback


Adding these modes would be good.

----


Featuring a split-screen multiplayer makes the game much more enjoyable

----


Despite the game not having a easy, hard or against the clock mode, it possesses a optional feature. This feature allows the 2 player to play against each other repetitively.

----

#### Conceptdoc Feedback


Still needs to be clarified

----


Document is well structured and everything was easy to find and understand

----


The concept document only lack some information about the skill/change balance and the strategic choices. Despite the strategic choices being mentioned, the are not much information about them. You also talk about the players improving their skill but you directly don&amp;#039;t mentioned the skill/change balance.

----

